Update readme - Closes #529 (#531)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: services/core/README.md

> List of the most commonly used environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of the most commonly used environment variables can be seen below:
```

- `SERVICE_BROKER`: URL of the microservice message broker (Redis)
- `SERVICE_CORE_MYSQL`: URL of the local Lisk Service Core database
- `SERVICE_CORE_REDIS`: URL of Redis server (dedicated for core, different than the message broker)
- `LISK_CORE_WS`: URL of Lisk Core node (WebSocket API)
- `LISK_STATIC`: URL of Lisk static assets
- `GEOIP_JSON`: URL of GeoIP server
- `ENABLE_TRANSACTION_STATS`: Enables global transaction statistics

> - `ENABLE_FEE_ESTIMATOR_QUICK`: Enabled fee estimator (quick algorithm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ENABLE_FEE_ESTIMATOR_QUICK`: Enables the fee estimator (quick algorithm)
```

> - `ENABLE_FEE_ESTIMATOR_FULL`: Enabled fee estimator (full blockchain analysis)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ENABLE_FEE_ESTIMATOR_FULL`: Enables the fee estimator (full blockchain analysis)
```

The variables listed above can be overridden globally by using global variables.

```bash
export LISK_CORE_HTTP="http://localhost:4000" # Set Lisk node port to the given URL globally
```

### Example

```bash

> # Run local instance with a local core node, MySQL and Redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Run a local instance with a local core node, MySQL and Redis
```

> # Also enable transaction statistics for the last 40 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This also enables the transaction statistics for the previous 40 days
```

LISK_CORE_WS="ws://localhost:4001" \
SERVICE_CORE_MYSQL="mysql://lisk:password@localhost:3306/lisk" \
SERVICE_CORE_REDIS="redis://localhost:6379/7" \
ENABLE_TRANSACTION_STATS="true" \
TRANSACTION_STATS_HISTORY_LENGTH_DAYS="40" \
node app.js
```

## Management

### Start

```bash
cd lisk-service/components/core # move into root folder of the core component
npm start # start the component with running nodes locally
```

> Use the `framework/bin/moleculer_client.js` and `framework/bin/moleculer_subscribe.js` clients to test particular service endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `framework/bin/moleculer_client.js` and `framework/bin/moleculer_subscribe.js` clients to test specific service endpoints.
```

> If you want to run a production variant of the service use `Docker` or `PM2`. This will automatically recover the process when it fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run a production variant of the service use `Docker` or `PM2`. In the event whereby the process fails, it will be automatically recovered.
```
